# Pie Chart App
This project was completed for an assignment meant to test my capabilities of applying Java's GUI features. The app conforms to the following assignment guidelines:

The main element of the form should be a pie chart presenting some arbitrary phenomenon – e.g. educational profile in the given country – i.e. percentage of (1) people with university degree, (2) college graduates, (3) trade school graduates and (4) primary school graduates. The input data for the chart should be absolute values (i.e. not percentage). For the above mentioned educational profile the input data could be number of people (e.g. in hundreds of thousands) with the given education level. The sum for values represented by slices of the pie chart constitute all occurrences of the given phenomenon. The slices of the chart should be rendered one by one starting from the upper vertical axis. The left edge of the consecutive slice should be aligned with the right edge of the preceding one – i.e. no gaps in the rendered chart are allowed. The width and the height of the chart should constitute of width and height of the button respectively. Application window resize should entail changes in the width and the height as well as shape of the chart (i.e. a chart can be ellipse-shaped). The input for the chart should be absolute values – i.e. not percentage. In case of the above discussed sample the input is absolute values (in hundreds of thousands) representing number of people who finished their education at given level. The chart should be rendered on a button which completely fills the form of the application. Pressing a button should rotate the chart by the angle of the last slice whose right edge aligns with the left edge of the first slice (i.e. upper vertical axis). The easiest way to implement rotation in this way is (1) to remove data for the last slice from the input data, (2) insert it at the beginning and (3) re-render the chart. 
